Speed up the listing of rule groups on the Ruler Configuration API (#3218)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

  - `POST <legacy-http-prefix>/push`
  - `POST /push`
  - `POST /ingester/push`

> * [CHANGE] Chunks GCS object storage client uses the `fields` selector to limit the payload size. #3218

Reviewer: It's not a change impacting the user. Also, it's not even a change for embedders. It's more an `[ENHANCEMENT]`. We should also mention it affects only listing objects in the bucket.

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Chunks GCS object storage client uses the `fields` selector to limit the payload size when listing objects in the bucket. #3218
```
